docs: more information on run flow component (#6046)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-logic.md

## Run flow

> This component allows you to run any flow stored in your Langflow database without opening the flow editor.

Reviewer: Also mention this component could be used as a tool after selecting a flow.
Click on tool mode to use the component as a tool.

@mendonk  Note this experience may change later.

> The Run Flow component can also be used as a tool when connected to an [Agent](/components-agents). The `name`, `description`, and `inputs` metadata that the Agent uses to register the tool are created automatically.

Reviewer: Input cannot be edited, only the name and descrioption of the tool

The appearance of the **Run Flow** component will change to reflect the inputs and outputs of the selected flow.
3. On the **Run Flow** component, enable **Tool Mode**.
4. Connect the **Run Flow** component to the **Toolset** input of the Agent.
Your flow should now look like this:
![Run Flow component](/img/component-run-flow.png)
5. Run the flow. The Agent will use the Run Flow component as a tool to run the selected sub-flow.

### Inputs

| Name              | Type     | Description                                                    |
|-------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| flow_name_selected| Dropdown | The name of the flow to run                                    |
| flow_tweak_data   | Dict     | Dictionary of tweaks to customize the flow's behavior         |
| dynamic inputs  | Various  | Additional inputs are generated based on the selected flow     |

### Outputs

| Name         | Type        | Description                                                   |
|--------------|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|

> | run_outputs  | List[Data]  | All outputs generated from running the flow                   |

Reviewer: we do have message and dataframe outputs also

Author: Added

## Run flow

This component allows you to run any flow stored in your Langflow database without opening the flow editor.

The Run Flow component can also be used as a tool when connected to an [Agent](/components-agents). The `name` and `description` metadata that the Agent uses to register the tool are created automatically.

When you select a flow, the component fetches the flow's graph structure and uses it to generate the inputs and outputs for the Run Flow component.

To use the Run Flow component as a tool, do the following:
1. Add the **Run Flow** component to the [Simple Agent](/starter-projects-simple-agent) flow.
2. In the **Flow Name** menu, select the sub-flow you want to run.

> The appearance of the **Run Flow** component will change to reflect the inputs and outputs of the selected flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The appearance of the **Run Flow** component changes to reflect the inputs and outputs of the selected flow.
```

3. On the **Run Flow** component, enable **Tool Mode**.
4. Connect the **Run Flow** component to the **Toolset** input of the Agent.
Your flow should now look like this:
![Run Flow component](/img/component-run-flow.png)

> 5. Run the flow. The Agent will use the Run Flow component as a tool to run the selected sub-flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Run the flow. The Agent uses the Run Flow component as a tool to run the selected sub-flow.
```

### Inputs

| Name              | Type     | Description                                                    |
|-------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| flow_name_selected| Dropdown | The name of the flow to run                                    |
| flow_tweak_data   | Dict     | Dictionary of tweaks to customize the flow's behavior         |

> | dynamic inputs  | Various  | Additional inputs are generated based on the selected flow     |

Reviewer 2: Add a period to the end of each item in the Description column.

### Outputs

| Name         | Type        | Description                                                   |
|--------------|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|

> | run_outputs  | A `List` of types `Data`, `Message,` or `DataFrame`  | All outputs generated from running the flow                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| run_outputs  | A `List` of types, such as `Data`, `Message,` or `DataFrame`  | All outputs are generated from running the flow.                   |
```
